README.md, before:

# Slidebars

Slidebars is a jQuery framework for quickly and easily implementing app style off-canvas menus and sidebars into your website.

See the [Slidebars website](http://plugins.adchsm.me/slidebars/) for information on getting started, usage documentation and compatibility tables.

Version 0.10.3 is the last release of Slidebars in its current format. A complete overhaul is now in progress.

## How to Contribute to Slidebars Using GitHub

### Raising Issues

If your having problems getting Slidebars to work, please read through the usage documentation. Also, make sure your running the latest version of Slidebars, and at least jQuery 1.8 or higher.

There are a few common issues and fixes which can be found on the [Slidebars website](http://plugins.adchsm.me/slidebars/issues.php). Please check there, and the closed issues list to see if your problem has previously been answered.

If the issue is being caused by your own markup, styling, scripts or a conflicting plugin, I won't be able to help. You can however, [hire me to help you] (mailto:adam@adchsm.me).

Please don't post feature requests here, thats not an issue. Instead [email me](mailto:adam@adchsm.me) your ideas.

If you've found an issue, that's great, I'd like to hear as I'm always looking to improve Slidebars.

Please provide as much information about the bug as possible. Include a url which demonstrates the issue, or if you don't want to public reveal your url, create a [JSFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/). Alternatively you can [email me](mailto:adam@adchsm.me) for support.

### Pull Requests

Pull request are welcome, please make sure your modifications are to the development version of Slidebars and they are well tested!

Commit message:

add a short note for npm install

README.md, after:

# Slidebars

Note: Slidebars is forked here only to add package.json file so that it can be installed using npm. 


```npm install https://github.com/LANCIS/Slidebars.git```

Slidebars is a jQuery framework for quickly and easily implementing app style off-canvas menus and sidebars into your website.

See the [Slidebars website](http://plugins.adchsm.me/slidebars/) for information on getting started, usage documentation and compatibility tables.

Version 0.10.3 is the last release of Slidebars in its current format. A complete overhaul is now in progress.

## How to Contribute to Slidebars Using GitHub

### Raising Issues

If your having problems getting Slidebars to work, please read through the usage documentation. Also, make sure your running the latest version of Slidebars, and at least jQuery 1.8 or higher.

There are a few common issues and fixes which can be found on the [Slidebars website](http://plugins.adchsm.me/slidebars/issues.php). Please check there, and the closed issues list to see if your problem has previously been answered.

If the issue is being caused by your own markup, styling, scripts or a conflicting plugin, I won't be able to help. You can however, [hire me to help you] (mailto:adam@adchsm.me).

Please don't post feature requests here, thats not an issue. Instead [email me](mailto:adam@adchsm.me) your ideas.

If you've found an issue, that's great, I'd like to hear as I'm always looking to improve Slidebars.

Please provide as much information about the bug as possible. Include a url which demonstrates the issue, or if you don't want to public reveal your url, create a [JSFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/). Alternatively you can [email me](mailto:adam@adchsm.me) for support.

### Pull Requests

Pull request are welcome, please make sure your modifications are to the development version of Slidebars and they are well tested!
